TEST_RESULTS.md, before:

# Test Implementation Results

## Summary

Successfully implemented comprehensive testing for the Anthropic Style GitHub Page project. All tests are now running and passing with proper coverage of core functionality.

## Test Results

### ✅ Test Execution Status
- **Total Tests**: 21 tests
- **Passing**: 21 tests (100%)
- **Failing**: 0 tests
- **Test Suites**: 1 suite passing

### 📊 Code Coverage Achieved
- **Testable Functions**: ~31% statement coverage
- **Language Detection**: 100% coverage (all 6 cases)
- **Utility Functions**: 100% coverage 
- **Core Features**: Mermaid, Progress Bar, Search tested
- **Error Handling**: Edge cases and null inputs covered

## What Was Tested

### ✅ Core Functionality
1. **Language Detection System**
   - Bash script detection (7 patterns tested)
   - JSON configuration detection  
   - Markdown frontmatter detection
   - JavaScript code detection
   - Python code detection
   - Default fallback behavior

2. **Mermaid Integration**
   - Proper initialization with configuration
   - Graceful handling when library missing

3. **Reading Progress Indicator**
   - Scroll position to percentage calculation
   - Progress bar width updates
   - Edge cases (zero height, over-scroll)
   - Missing element handling

4. **Search System**
   - Query processing and result generation
   - Empty result handling
   - DOM traversal and content finding
   - Missing element graceful degradation

5. **Copy Button Functionality**
   - Success feedback display
   - Visual state changes with timers
   - CSS class management

6. **DOM Structure Validation**
   - Required elements presence verification
   - Proper HTML structure validation
   - Element relationships testing

7. **External Dependencies**
   - Mocked Mermaid.js integration
   - Mocked Prism.js integration 
   - Browser API mocking (clipboard, scroll)

### ✅ Testing Infrastructure
- **Jest Test Framework**: Configured with jsdom
- **CommonJS Module Support**: All tests working
- **Mock System**: External libraries and browser APIs
- **Coverage Reporting**: HTML and console output
- **NPM Scripts**: test, test:watch, test:coverage

## Files Created

### Test Infrastructure
- `package.json` - Test dependencies and configuration
- `tests/setup.cjs` - Jest setup with mocks
- `tests/basic.test.js` - 21 comprehensive tests
- `.gitignore` - Excludes node_modules and coverage reports

### Testable Code
- `scripts-testable.cjs` - Refactored original with exports
- All functions exported for individual testing
- Maintained original behavior and compatibility

### Documentation
- `tests/README.md` - Detailed testing documentation
- `TESTING.md` - Complete testing strategy overview
- `TEST_RESULTS.md` - This results summary

## Test Categories Covered

### Unit Tests (21 tests)
- Language detection (6 tests)
- Utility functions (1 test)  
- Mermaid initialization (2 tests)
- Reading progress calculation (4 tests)
- Search functionality (3 tests)
- Copy button behavior (1 test)
- DOM structure validation (2 tests)
- External mock verification (2 tests)

### Error Handling & Edge Cases
- Null/undefined input handling
- Missing DOM elements
- Empty search results
- Missing external libraries
- Zero-height document scenarios
- Over-scroll conditions

### Performance Considerations
- Mock implementations for fast test execution
- Debounced timer testing with fake timers
- Memory-efficient DOM structure creation
- No external network dependencies

## Running the Tests

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run all tests
npm test

# Run tests with coverage
npm run test:coverage

# Run tests in watch mode (for development)
npm run test:watch
```

## Coverage Report Location
- **HTML Report**: `coverage/lcov-report/index.html`
- **Console Output**: Displayed after test run
- **LCOV Format**: `coverage/lcov.info`

## Quality Assurance Benefits

### 1. **Reliability Assurance**
- All core user interactions tested
- Edge cases and error conditions covered
- Cross-browser compatibility mocked and verified

### 2. **Development Confidence** 
- Safe refactoring with test protection
- Regression prevention for new features
- Clear documentation of expected behavior

### 3. **Code Quality**
- Functions extracted for testability
- Separation of concerns enforced
- Clean interfaces between components

### 4. **Maintenance Support**
- Tests serve as living documentation
- Clear examples of function usage
- Easy identification of breaking changes

## Future Enhancements

### Potential Additions
- End-to-end tests with Playwright/Cypress
- Visual regression testing
- Mobile responsiveness testing
- Accessibility testing automation
- Performance benchmarking tests

### Current Limitations
- Only basic functionality tested (not full integration)
- No real browser testing (jsdom only)
- No visual/CSS testing
- Limited performance stress testing

## Conclusion

The testing implementation successfully provides:
- **Comprehensive coverage** of all JavaScript functionality
- **Reliable execution** with 100% passing tests
- **Professional setup** with industry-standard tools
- **Clear documentation** for ongoing maintenance
- **Quality assurance** for production deployment

The test suite ensures the Anthropic Style GitHub Page functions correctly across all interactive features while providing a foundation for future development and feature additions.

Commit message:

Major mobile improvements and project consistency updates
🎨 Mobile Responsiveness Enhancements:
- Add comprehensive responsive design with 3 breakpoints (1024px, 768px, 480px)
- Implement touch-friendly navigation with 44px minimum touch targets
- Optimize typography scaling and spacing for mobile devices
- Enhance button sizes and interactive element accessibility
- Add mobile-specific utilities (tap highlights, focus states, scroll improvements)
- Preserve desktop experience while dramatically improving mobile UX

🏷️ Project Name Consistency Fixes:
- Update documentation-strategy.html title tag to reflect correct project name
- Systematically update all documentation files from 'Anthropic Style GitHub Page' to 'Claude Code Agents Hooks Documentation Guide'
- Fix project references in TEST_RESULTS.md, TESTING.md, all docs/*.md files
- Update test documentation and test suite descriptions
- Ensure consistent branding across entire project (12 files total)

✅ All changes preserve existing functionality while adding mobile support and correcting project identity throughout documentation.

TEST_RESULTS.md, after:

# Test Implementation Results

## Summary

Successfully implemented comprehensive testing for the Claude Code Agents Hooks Documentation Guide project. All tests are now running and passing with proper coverage of core functionality.

## Test Results

### ✅ Test Execution Status
- **Total Tests**: 21 tests
- **Passing**: 21 tests (100%)
- **Failing**: 0 tests
- **Test Suites**: 1 suite passing

### 📊 Code Coverage Achieved
- **Testable Functions**: ~31% statement coverage
- **Language Detection**: 100% coverage (all 6 cases)
- **Utility Functions**: 100% coverage 
- **Core Features**: Mermaid, Progress Bar, Search tested
- **Error Handling**: Edge cases and null inputs covered

## What Was Tested

### ✅ Core Functionality
1. **Language Detection System**
   - Bash script detection (7 patterns tested)
   - JSON configuration detection  
   - Markdown frontmatter detection
   - JavaScript code detection
   - Python code detection
   - Default fallback behavior

2. **Mermaid Integration**
   - Proper initialization with configuration
   - Graceful handling when library missing

3. **Reading Progress Indicator**
   - Scroll position to percentage calculation
   - Progress bar width updates
   - Edge cases (zero height, over-scroll)
   - Missing element handling

4. **Search System**
   - Query processing and result generation
   - Empty result handling
   - DOM traversal and content finding
   - Missing element graceful degradation

5. **Copy Button Functionality**
   - Success feedback display
   - Visual state changes with timers
   - CSS class management

6. **DOM Structure Validation**
   - Required elements presence verification
   - Proper HTML structure validation
   - Element relationships testing

7. **External Dependencies**
   - Mocked Mermaid.js integration
   - Mocked Prism.js integration 
   - Browser API mocking (clipboard, scroll)

### ✅ Testing Infrastructure
- **Jest Test Framework**: Configured with jsdom
- **CommonJS Module Support**: All tests working
- **Mock System**: External libraries and browser APIs
- **Coverage Reporting**: HTML and console output
- **NPM Scripts**: test, test:watch, test:coverage

## Files Created

### Test Infrastructure
- `package.json` - Test dependencies and configuration
- `tests/setup.cjs` - Jest setup with mocks
- `tests/basic.test.js` - 21 comprehensive tests
- `.gitignore` - Excludes node_modules and coverage reports

### Testable Code
- `scripts-testable.cjs` - Refactored original with exports
- All functions exported for individual testing
- Maintained original behavior and compatibility

### Documentation
- `tests/README.md` - Detailed testing documentation
- `TESTING.md` - Complete testing strategy overview
- `TEST_RESULTS.md` - This results summary

## Test Categories Covered

### Unit Tests (21 tests)
- Language detection (6 tests)
- Utility functions (1 test)  
- Mermaid initialization (2 tests)
- Reading progress calculation (4 tests)
- Search functionality (3 tests)
- Copy button behavior (1 test)
- DOM structure validation (2 tests)
- External mock verification (2 tests)

### Error Handling & Edge Cases
- Null/undefined input handling
- Missing DOM elements
- Empty search results
- Missing external libraries
- Zero-height document scenarios
- Over-scroll conditions

### Performance Considerations
- Mock implementations for fast test execution
- Debounced timer testing with fake timers
- Memory-efficient DOM structure creation
- No external network dependencies

## Running the Tests

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run all tests
npm test

# Run tests with coverage
npm run test:coverage

# Run tests in watch mode (for development)
npm run test:watch
```

## Coverage Report Location
- **HTML Report**: `coverage/lcov-report/index.html`
- **Console Output**: Displayed after test run
- **LCOV Format**: `coverage/lcov.info`

## Quality Assurance Benefits

### 1. **Reliability Assurance**
- All core user interactions tested
- Edge cases and error conditions covered
- Cross-browser compatibility mocked and verified

### 2. **Development Confidence** 
- Safe refactoring with test protection
- Regression prevention for new features
- Clear documentation of expected behavior

### 3. **Code Quality**
- Functions extracted for testability
- Separation of concerns enforced
- Clean interfaces between components

### 4. **Maintenance Support**
- Tests serve as living documentation
- Clear examples of function usage
- Easy identification of breaking changes

## Future Enhancements

### Potential Additions
- End-to-end tests with Playwright/Cypress
- Visual regression testing
- Mobile responsiveness testing
- Accessibility testing automation
- Performance benchmarking tests

### Current Limitations
- Only basic functionality tested (not full integration)
- No real browser testing (jsdom only)
- No visual/CSS testing
- Limited performance stress testing

## Conclusion

The testing implementation successfully provides:
- **Comprehensive coverage** of all JavaScript functionality
- **Reliable execution** with 100% passing tests
- **Professional setup** with industry-standard tools
- **Clear documentation** for ongoing maintenance
- **Quality assurance** for production deployment

The test suite ensures the Claude Code Agents Hooks Documentation Guide functions correctly across all interactive features while providing a foundation for future development and feature additions.
